Fix details in Notifications list (#154)
decidim/documentation: docs/en/modules/admin/pages/features/notifications.adoc

== Notifications list

Below is an exhaustive list of actions that trigger notifications to participants. Participants are divided into three categories: affected users, followers, and administrators.

[NOTE]
====

> Affected user's depend in the notification context. For instance it could be the author of a moderated content, a user that earns a badge, a user that has been mentioned, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Affected users depend on the notification context. For instance, it could be the author of moderated content, a user that earns a badge, a user that has been mentioned, etc.
```
